M0078DDG-465 update kernela pi doc. (#373)
MicroEJ/docs: KernelDeveloperGuide/kernelAPI.rst

.. _kernel.api:

===========
Kernel APIs
===========

Kernel API files (``kernel.api``) specify among all types owned by the Kernel which ones **must** be used by
Features, and for those types which members (method, and static fields) are allowed to be accessed by
Features. When a type is not declared in a Kernel API, the Kernel and each Feature **can** have their own version of that type,
but if a type is declared in a Kernel API file only the Kernel version will be used by the Kernel and all the Features.

For mode details refer to the `Class Spaces` chapter of the :ref:`kf_specification`. 

.. _kernel.api.def:

Kernel API Definition
=====================

> A Kernel API file is an XML file named ``kernel.api`` declared at the root of one ore more paths composing the :ref:`Application classpath <chapter.microej.classpath>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Kernel API file is an XML file named ``kernel.api`` declared at the root of one or more path composing the :ref:`Application classpath <chapter.microej.classpath>`.
```
